Variables is a concept in programming that allows us to give a label to a piece of data so that we can refer or reference that data using the chosen variable name.
we use variable to store data which we migh need to refer to in future.
we type the name of the variable at the begining of the line or wherever the program's indentation requires you to have the variable name start from and assign the value you need to assign (or have input by user) the variable name after a single = (equals) sign.
after that you can use the variable anywhere in the code just by using the name of the variable.

just because you set the value of a name to something does not mean it can not be used for any other value. remember it can be changed and that is why the name is called a variable.



for the most part variable in python work like variables in any other programming language.
so unless you change the value of a variable by some means, the value for thevariables remains same
and unless you force the value of a variable to be something at a specific place it would change after being assigned a new value.

a different thing i noticed is that python does not force me to declare the variable as an integer or float or boolean or string or double
just name the variable and give it a value. that's it(?)
one thing to note is that whatever value you are providing to the variable name, the value should be in it's proper type's syntax.
that is, a string value should look like a string, in programming a string (data type)(of characters) appears in doubble quotes

while naming a variable, remember to name it in a way so you can understand it after coming back to it few years later
you can not have space in the name of the varibale, you can use underscore instead.
variable name "user name" does not work
variable name "user_name" works fine
you can use numbers in the name of the variable but numbers or digits can't be in the begginning of the name of the variables.
variable name "12abcd" does not work (this generates a syntax error)
variable name "abcd12" & "a1bcd2" work

there are certain keywords or privilidge words that we can not use as a variable name like print and input. it is confusing for the reader and the compiler when a coder uses keywords as variable nemes, 
the compiler keeps thinking that user is trying to invoke the input or print function etc. even if your program runs. it is a really bad practice. don't do it. 

if you have setup a variable name. the variable name needs to be consistent accross the program/code, even the case. python is a case sensitive language.
so if you have previously used the variable name "game" and at a later part you accidently type "Game" at a place trying to get the value of name you'll get a name error
 
Choose simple words that are less likely to become typos

if you work at a company use the guidelines set up by your company regarding naming variables.
